[user]
Passage:
Police kill famous outlaws Bonnie and Clyde - May 23, 1934 - HISTORY.com
This Day in History: 05/23/1934 - Police Kill Bonnie and Clyde
In this This Day in History video, take a look at May 23, the day in 1934 when police finally caught up to Bonnie and Clyde and killed them. In 1701, Captain William Kidd was hanged in London for piracy and murder. Lead Story
Share this:
Author
URL
Publisher
A+E Networks
On this day in 1934, notorious criminals Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow are shot to death by Texas and Louisiana state police while driving a stolen car near Sailes, Louisiana. Bonnie Parker met the charismatic Clyde Barrow in Texas when she was 19 years old and her husband (she married when she was 16) was serving time in jail for murder. The list below describes the sections in each county that are designated SR 726. Shortly after they met, Barrow was imprisoned for robbery. Parker visited him every day, and smuggled a gun into prison to help him escape, but he was soon caught in Ohio and sent back to jail. When Barrow was paroled in 1932, he immediately hooked up with Parker, and the couple began a life of crime together. Stage two then refines these segments at a micro-level using a self-supervised sequential model, followed by an iterative clustering process to consolidate skill boundaries. We introduce AutoRefine, a framework that extracts and maintains dual-form Experience Patterns from agent execution histories. After they stole a car and committed several robberies, Parker was caught by police and sent to jail for two months. Released in mid-1932, she rejoined Barrow. Over the next two years, the couple teamed with various accomplices to rob a string of banks and stores across five states–Texas, Oklahoma, Missouri, New Mexico and Louisiana. To law enforcement agents, the Barrow Gang–including Barrow’s childhood friend, Raymond Hamilton, W.D. Jones, Henry Methvin, Barrow’s brother Buck and his wife Blanche, among others–were cold-blooded criminals who didn’t hesitate to kill anyone who got in their way, especially police or sheriff’s deputies. Among the public, however, Parker and Barrow’s reputation as dangerous outlaws was mixed with a romantic view of the couple as “Robin Hood”-like folk heroes. Their fame was increased by the fact that Bonnie was a woman–an unlikely criminal–and by the fact that the couple posed for playful photographs together, which were later found by police and released to the media. Police almost captured the famous duo twice in the spring of 1933, with surprise raids on their hideouts in Joplin and Platte City, Missouri. Buck Barrow was killed in the second raid, and Blanche was arrested, but Bonnie and Clyde escaped once again. In January 1934, they attacked the Eastham Prison Farm in Texas to help Hamilton break out of jail, shooting several guards with machine guns and killing one. Texan prison officials hired a retired Texas police officer, Captain Frank Hamer, as a special investigator to track down Parker and Barrow. After a three-month search, Hamer traced the couple to Louisiana, where Henry Methvin’s family lived. Before dawn on May 23, Hamer and a group of Louisiana and Texas lawmen hid in the bushes along a country road outside Sailes. When Parker and Barrow appeared, the officers opened fire, killing the couple instantly in a hail of bullets. All told, the Barrow Gang was believed responsible for the deaths of 13 people, including nine police officers. Parker and Barrow are still seen by many as romantic figures, however, especially after the success of the 1967 film Bonnie and Clyde, starring Faye Dunaway and Warren Beatty. __________________________________________________________________
Question:
Which well known couple died in 1934? Answer:
Prentiss Oakley
Football League First Division
founded in 1888 by Aston Villa director William McGregor. It originally consisted of a single division of 12 clubs (Accrington, Aston Villa, Blackburn Rovers, Bolton Wanderers, Burnley, Derby County, Everton, Notts County, Preston North End, Stoke (now Stoke City), West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers), known as The Football League. When the League admitted additional members from the rival Football Alliance in 1892, it was split into two divisions. For the next 100 years, the First Division was the top professional league in English football. Then, in 1992 the 22 clubs making up the First Division elected to resign from the Football League and set up the Premier League. The Football League was consequently re-organised, with the Second, Third and Fourth Divisions now renamed the First, Second and Third respectively. Thus, the First Division, while still the top level of the Football League, now became the second level of the entire English football league system. The First Division was renamed as the Football League Championship prior to the start of the 2004–05 season, as part of a league-wide rebrand. Liverpool were the most frequent winners of the First Division when it was the top flight of English football, winning it a total of 18 times. After the creation of the Premier League, the new Division One title was won more than once by only one club; Sunderland, who won it in 1996 and 1999. Size
The First Division initially consisted of 12 founder clubs; since then it has undergone a series of expansions as football became more popular and the number of quality teams increased. The album is often considered to be the peak of the early Earth Band line-up and, for a lot of progressive rock reviewers, the pinnacle of Mann's career in general. There were also a series of contractions in the late 1980s, although they were soon reversed, as follows:
† as the second tier of professional football in England from 1992
Player's medals
As of the 1947–48 season making 7 appearances for their club during the season was not enough for a player to qualify for a winners medal. As of the 1975–76 season players had to make 14 appearances for their club during the season in order to qualify for a winners medal. Stir well until the mixture forms a thick, consistent batter. First Division champions
1888–1992
See List of English football champions. 1993–2004
Who were the first ever winners of the English Football League in 1889? Answer:
Preston North End F.C
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (1968) - IMDb
18 January 2017 6:08 PM, UTC
NEWS
There was an error trying to load your rating for this title. Some parts of this page won't work property. Please reload or try later. X Beta I'm Watching This! While effective in many settings, these measures entangle intrinsic changes in the data with variations induced by arbitrary parametrizations. Keep track of everything you watch; tell your friends. Error
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang ( 1968 )
A down-on-his-luck inventor turns a broken-down Grand Prix car into a fancy vehicle for his children, and then they go off on a magical fantasy adventure to save their grandfather in a far-off land. Director:
From $2.99 (SD) on Amazon Video
ON DISC
a list of 35 titles
created 30 Jan 2011
a list of 31 titles
created 31 Jul 2011
a list of 26 titles
created 08 Sep 2012
created 10 months ago
a list of 33 titles
created 6 months ago
Title: Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (1968)
6.9/10
Want to share IMDb's rating on your own site? Use the HTML below. You must be a registered user to use the IMDb rating plugin. Nominated for         1         Oscar. Another 4 nominations. See more awards  »
Videos
A magical nanny helps bring the two children she's in charge of closer to their father through songs and magical adventures. Director: Robert Stevenson
An apprentice witch, three kids and a cynical conman search for the missing component to a magic spell useful to the defense of Britain. As a result, a variety of phenotypes are recovered from multiple-copy Spm lines in Arabidopsis. Director: Robert Stevenson
Charlie receives a golden ticket to a factory, his sweet tooth wants going into the lushing candy, it turns out there's an adventure in everything. Director: Mel Stuart
A woman leaves an Austrian convent to become a governess to the children of a Naval officer widower. The code is open source at https://github.com/TUDa-HWAI/NN2Logic Director: Robert Wise
Young Oliver Twist runs away from an orphanage and meets a group of boys trained to be pickpockets by an elderly mentor. Director: Carol Reed
Directors: Norman Ferguson, T. Hee, and 5 more credits  »
Stars: Dickie Jones,  Christian Rub,  Mel Blanc
Directors: Victor Fleming, George Cukor, and 3 more credits  »
Stars: Judy Garland,  Frank Morgan,  Ray Bolger
Storyline
An eccentric professor invents wacky machinery but can't seem to make ends meet. When he invents a revolutionary car, a foreign government becomes interested in it and resorts to skulduggery to get their hands on it. Written by Murray Chapman <muzzle@cs.uq.oz.au>
Get a "Chitty Chitty Bang Bang" Out of Life! See more  »
Genres:
18 December 1968 (USA) See more  »
Also Known As:
Tschitti Tschitti Bäng Bäng See more  »
Filming Locations:
Did You Know? Trivia
Seven different Chitties were built: a worn-out one, a restored one, one for the flying scenes, one for the water scenes and three partial models for various other scenes. See more »
Goofs
In the candy factory scene, the colour and cut of Mr. Potts' haircut changes right before the Toot Sweet musical number. See more »
Quotes
Truly Scrumptious : [referring to helping the children] It's a beautiful dream Caractacus, but I don't see how it's gonna help them. [Truly looks at the children around them and Caractacus stands up]
Do you know what we're gonna do? We're gonna get up into that castle! Toymaker : [incredulous] It is impossible! Caracticus Potts : [confident] Well, we'll see. [Caractacus runs up to a large water channel and looks at the children watching]
Caracticus Potts : [loud and clear] Now, everybody listen to me! To this end, we explore the gradient descent learning of a general Gaussian Multi-index model $f(\boldsymbol{x})=g(\boldsymbol{U}\boldsymbol{x})$ with hidden subspace $\boldsymbol{U}\in \mathbb{R}^{r\times d}$, which is the canonical setup to study representation learning. You wanna get out of here, don't you? [ ]
Doll On a Music Box/Truly Scrumptious
(uncredited)
hi, low anywhere we go 25 April 2005 | by
(United States) – See all my reviews
P.S the "Old Bamboo" dance looks very much like the "Step in time," from Mary Poppins. 28 of 41 people found this review helpful. Montmartre │ 0·07│ 425│ 62│ 71│ 38│ 43│ 90│ │ 2. Was this review helpful to you? Yes
The Potts children are from which film? Answer:
Populus sect. Aigeiros
Populus section Aigeiros is a section of three species in the genus Populus, the poplars. Like some other species in the genus Populus, they are commonly known as cottonwoods. The species are native to North America, Europe, and western Asia. The section is named for Aigeiros, East Macedonia in Greece. In the past, as many as six species were recognized, but recent trends have been to accept just three species, treating the others as subspecies of P. deltoides. In particular, we formulate grounding as a goal-conditioned latent-space trajectory optimization problem that jointly optimizes latent states and actions under world-model dynamics, while preserving semantic alignment with the video-generated plan. Description
They are large, deciduous trees 20–45 m tall, distinguished by thick, deeply fissured bark and triangular-based to diamond-shaped leaves that are green on both sides (without the whitish wax on the undersides of balsam poplar leaves) and without any obvious balsam scent in spring. An important feature of the leaves is the petiole, which is flattened sideways so that the leaves have a particular type of movement in the wind. Male and female flowers are in separate catkins, appearing before the leaves in spring. The seeds are borne on cottony structures that allow them to be blown long distances in the air before settling to ground. The cottonwoods are exceptionally tolerant of flooding, erosion, and flood deposits filling around the trunk. Although each of the three cottonwood species has a different leaf pattern, they all have the same general diamond leaf shape. Species
Populus deltoides
Fremont's cottonwood (Populus fremontii) is native to the southwestern United States and western Mexico. Energy-Efficient Neuromorphic Computing for Edge AI: A Framework with Adaptive Spiking Neural Networks and Hardware-Aware Optimization Abstract: Edge AI applications increasingly require ultra-low-power, low-latency inference. In the United States, the species can be found in California, Nevada, Utah. Arizona, New Mexico, Texas and Colorado. In Mexico, it can be found in the states of Baja California, Baja California Sur, Sonora , Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Mexico State, and Puebla. We prove that the Sobolev-augmented Bellman operator is a contraction with a unique fixed point, and highlight a fundamental smoothness trade-off underlying contraction in gradient-aware RL. It differs from the eastern cottonwood mainly in the leaves having fewer, larger serrations on the edge, and small differences in the flower and seed pod structure. Some taxonomists formerly considered P. fremontii to be a subspecies of P. deltoides. Populus nigra
Black poplar (Populus nigra) is native to Europe and Western Asia, is distinct in its much smaller leaves, 5 - across, with a more rhombic (diamond) shape. Cultivation and uses
Balsam and cottonwoods are species of what? Answer:
Gnomon
Sciothericum
Oxalic Acid - chemdot.com
Notes:
Ethanedioic acid
What a Country! What a Country! is an American sitcom that aired in syndication from September 27, 1986 to May 23, 1987. It was based on the 1977-1979 British sitcom Mind Your Language. The series was intended as somewhat of a showcase for Yakov Smirnoff, whose catchphrase provided the show's title. Synopsis
What a Country! is set in a class of recent immigrants to the United States who are trying to pass the citizenship test. Their teacher, Taylor Brown (played by Garrett M. Brown) is an American English language teacher, while the students include Nikolai (a Russian taxi driver), Laszlo (a retired Hungarian doctor), Ali (a Pakistani), Robert (the son of a deposed African king), Maria (a housekeeper working for a rich Beverly Hills family), Victor (a Hispanic in love with Maria), Yung Hee (a shy Japanese woman) and Sheikh El Hamid (an Arabian sheikh). Gail Strickland initially played the character of Principal Joan Courtney, though she was replaced by Don Knotts during the series' run. We then show that, under specific conditions, decision trees fit to purity are biased towards the minority class, debunking the belief that decision trees are always biased towards the majority class. The series aired a total of 26 episodes before being canceled. Cast
* Garrett M. Brown as Taylor Brown
* Yakov Smirnoff as Nikolai Rostopovich
* George Murdock as Laszlo Gabo
* Vijay Amritraj as Ali Nadim
* Harry Waters, Jr. as Robert Muboto
* Ada Maris as Maria Conchita Lopez
* Julian Reyes as Victor Ortega
* Leila Hee Olsen as Yung Hi
* Gail Strickland as Principal Joan Courtney (Episodes 1-10)
* Don Knotts as Principal F.J. "Bud" McPherson (Episodes 11-26)
What country was once led by military leaders called shoguns? Answer:
日本國
Sander (genus)
The genus includes the following 5 species:
* Sander vitreus Mitchill, 1818 (Walleye)
* Sander lucioperca Linnaeus, 1758 (Zander)
* Sander canadensis Griffith & Smith, 1834 (Sauger)
* Sander marinus G. Cuvier, 1828 (Estuarine perch)
* Sander volgensis J. F. Gmelin, 1789 (Volga pikeperch)
Which fish is sometimes called a pike-perch
Something in the Air
In 1969, Pete Townshend, The Who's guitarist, was the catalyst behind the formation of the band. The concept was to create a band to perform songs written by drummer and singer Speedy Keen, who had written "Armenia City in the Sky", the first track on The Who Sell Out. Our Breadth-First Search (BFS) Context Retrieval algorithm traverses relevant subgraphs with O(V+E) complexity, enabling real-time decision support. Townshend recruited jazz pianist Andy 'Thunderclap' Newman (a friend from art college),  and 15-year-old Glaswegian guitarist Jimmy McCulloch, who subsequently played lead guitar in Paul McCartney's Wings from 1974 to 1977 and died of a heroin overdose in 1979 aged just 26. Keen played the drums and sang the lead. Production
The single reached No. 1 in the UK Singles Chart just three weeks after release, holding off Elvis Presley in the process. The scale of the song's success surprised everyone and there were no plans to promote Thunderclap Newman with live performances. Eventually a line-up - augmented by  Jim Pitman-Avory on bass and McCulloch's elder brother Jack on drums - played a handful of gigs. Personal records say the band played live only five times, although Keen referred to a two-month tour, playing "everywhere". In the UK, a follow-up single, "Accidents", came out only in May 1970 and charted at No. 44 for a week. An album, Hollywood Dream, peaked in Billboard at No. 163. Thus, the song and the band were forever linked as a one hit wonder. Rockets Galore is a 1957 comedy novel by the British writer Compton Mackenzie. Labelle recorded an emotional cover of it alongside "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised" by Gil Scott-Heron for their 1973 album, Pressure Cookin'. Personnel
*Speedy Keen - double-tracked lead vocal, drums
*Jimmy McCulloch - lead and rhythm guitars
*Pete Townshend - bass guitar (credited to "Bijou Drains"), orchestral arrangement
*Andy Newman - piano, lead vocals on "Wilhelmina"
Chart performance (Thunderclap Newman version)
Usage in film soundtracks
The song has been covered by a number of artists, including:
* Phil Collins in 1981
* The Mandrake Memorial in 1969
* Labelle in 1973
* Herbie Mann in 1974
* Simon Park in 1974
* Gamma in 1980
* Eurythmics in 1985
* Fish in 1991
* The Lightning Seeds and Trip Shakespeare in 1992
* Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers in 1994
* U.K. We introduce an open-source benchmarking toolkit and provide recommendations for ecologists to select appropriate methods for sorting their specific taxonomic groups and data. Subs in 2000
* The Superjesus in 2001
* Elbow and Wellwater Conspiracy in 2003
* Hayley Sanderson in 2006
* Donald Fagen with the Dukes of September
* Polyphonic Spree live since 2010
Tom Petty's version
Cyril Abraham
Cyril Stanley Abraham (22 September 1915–30 July 1979), was an English screenwriter best known for creating the popular BBC series The Onedin Line (1971-1980), writing the scripts for 22 episodes in addition to five novels based on the series. Early years
Born in Liverpool in England, the son of John Abrahams, an oil mill labourer, and Agnes (née Davies), a widow, who married in 1918,  as a boy Abraham attended the Liverpool Collegiate School and as a youth on the training ship HMS Conway before going to sea as an apprentice with the Liverpool shipping line Lambert and Holt. He had a period as a Bevin Boy down Bold Colliery before serving as a Marconi wireless operator in the Merchant Navy during World War II. We then study how these use strategies compete and spread under evolutionary dynamics. After the war, having literary aspirations but not knowing how to pursue them, he became a bus driver with Liverpool City Transport;  here he worked with Harold Hargreaves Harrison, the father of George Harrison. His first marriage in 1945 to Evelyn M Howarth was later dissolved. While still driving buses in Liverpool he met local school teacher Joan Thomas; she encouraged him to start writing by renting a typewriter for him when he could not afford to do so for himself. She hired him the cheapest available, a pink model as these were not suitable for offices because of their bright colour. The couple married in Liverpool in 1964. Initially his short stories and articles were published in Australian magazines before he made the break into writing for television. Television writing
Abraham's writing for television included Coronation Street (1960), The Verdict is Yours (1962), Suspense (1963), The Villains (1964), No Hiding Place (1960-1964), Catch Hand (1964), Londoners (1965), King of the River (1966), Z-Cars (1967), The Expert (1968), The First Lady (1969), Dixon of Dock Green (1969), Counterstrike (1969), Paul Temple (1969-1970), Owen, M.D. (1971-1972), and The Onedin Line (1971-1980). The Onedin Line
Abraham had originally envisaged The Onedin Line as being about a modern shipping company with its boardroom battles and seagoing adventures, but then he discovered that almost all such companies were run by boards of anonymous executives. However, he noticed that most of these companies had their origins in the 19th century, mostly started by one shrewd and far-sighted individual who, through his own business acumen, built up a shipping line from nothing.McLeay, Alison. The World of the Onedin Line David & Charles (1977) pg 9 Abraham stated that James Onedin was not based on one individual but was rather an amalgamation of several characters. Suggested real-life inspirations include Victorian era shipping line owner James Baines & Co. Our results demonstrate that UNO-CG enables a substantial reduction in the number of iterations and is competitive with handcrafted preconditioners for homogenization problems that involve expert knowledge. of Liverpool (a leading character in the series was named 'Captain Baines'), Sir Samuel Cunard and the Allan Line. The Onedin Line first appeared as a one-off BBC Drama Playhouse production transmitted on 7 December 1970; this is now lost. Like the series which was to follow, it was set in Abraham's native Liverpool. Initially Abraham struggled to come up with a title for the drama. An article in Woman magazine published in July 1973 featured an interview with Abraham in which he recalled how he came up with the very unusual family name Onedin. He wanted something unique, he said, and had already decided to call the leading male character James but still had not found a surname. Then came some inspiration - he said:
The  drama so impressed the powers that be at the BBC that a 15-part series was commissioned, with the first episode of Series 1 being transmitted on 15 October 1971; Abraham wrote six episodes in this first series. In total he went on to write 22 of the 91 episodes, which were shown over 8 series. He continued to be involved in the series until his death in 1979. Novels
VHQ7AwAAQBAJ&pgPT11&lpg
PT11&dqcyril+abraham+onedin&source
bl&otssjmZSBLT-P&sig
ddpgz5vQ2VvxmvNiZcaK5hUJmhQ&hlen&sa
X&eiQzYHVY2lKoT4yQPDo4DoDQ&ved
0CCkQ6AEwBTgK#vonepage&q
Medusa (fictional ship)
Lough Derg (Shannon)
Lough Derg, historically Lough Dergart (),[http://www.logainm.ie/ga/1166353 Placenames Database of Ireland] is a freshwater lake in the Shannon River Basin, Ireland. It is the second-biggest lake in the Republic of Ireland and the third-biggest on the island of Ireland (after Lough Neagh and Lough Corrib). It is a long, narrow lake, with shores in counties Clare (south-west), Galway (north-west), and Tipperary (to the east). This paper bridges that gap. It is the southernmost of three large lakes on the River Shannon; the others being Lough Ree and Lough Allen. Towns and villages on Lough Derg include Portumna, Killaloe & Ballina, Dromineer, Terryglass, Mountshannon and Garrykennedy. The lake's name evolved from the Irish Loch Deirgdheirc. This was one of the names of The Dagda, an Irish god, and literally means "red eye". Geography
At its deepest, the lake is 36 metres  deep and covers an area of 130 km² (50.2 sq miles). Close downstream from where Lough Derg empties into the Shannon are the falls of Doonass, the largest fall on the otherwise gently sloping river. Nearby is the location of the hydroelectric power plant at Ardnacrusha, which, when built in 1927 was the world's largest. Usage
In the nineteenth century, Lough Derg was an important artery from the port at Limerick to Dublin through the canals in the midlands of Ireland. Navigable over its full 40 km length, Lough Derg is today popular with cruisers and other pleasure craft, as well as sailing and fishing. The University of Limerick have an activity centre by the lake, just north of Killaloe, where there are canoes, kayaks, windsurfing, sailing dingies, and other recreations. Lough Derg is home to an RNLI Lifeboat which is based at Dromineer, the first inland station in Ireland. In June 2013, 35 people were brought to safety when a major rescue effort was undertaken after an international rowing event was hit by severe weather. Ecology
A breeding pair of white-tailed eagles first nested on an island in Lough Derg in 2012. This marked a great success for the Irish reintroduction programme started in the summer of 2007. The North-East Shore is listed as a Special Area of Conservation. Towns/villages
* Kilgarvan
* Portroe
* Scarriff (location of regional Waterways Ireland office)
* Whitegate
Which river is the primary inflow and the primary outflow of Lough Derg, the second largest lake in the Republic of Ireland? Answer:
Shannon (disambiguation)
Rhodeus
What type of creature is a bitterling? Answer:
Fish proteins
Simon Park Orchestra
'EYE LEVEL'
Mary Soames
* The Rt. Hon. Sir Arthur Nicholas Winston Soames (known as Nicholas – b. 12 February 1948) – Conservative Member of Parliament and former Shadow Secretary of State for Defence
* The Hon. Jeremy Bernard Soames (b. 25 May 1952)
* The Hon. Charlotte Clementine Soames now Countess Peel – is married to The Earl Peel, the Lord Chamberlain
* The Hon. Rupert Christopher Soames (b. 18 May 1959)
There had been rumours of another son from a relationship after the war, but this hasn't been verified. Titles from birth
A list of the titles Lady Soames held in chronological order from birth:
* 15 September 1922 – 1945: Miss Mary Spencer-Churchill
* 1945 – 11 February 1947: Miss Mary Spencer-Churchill, MBE
* 11 February 1947 – May 1965: Mrs. Christopher Soames, MBE
* May 1965 – 1972: The Hon. Mrs. Soames, MBE
* 1972 – 19 April 1978: The Hon. Lady Soames, MBE
* 19 April 1978 – 14 June 1980: The Rt Hon. The Lady Soames, MBE
* 14 June 1980 – 23 April 2005: The Rt Hon. The Lady Soames, DBE
* 23 April 2005 – 31 May 2014: The Rt Hon. The Lady Soames, LG, DBE
Arms
Bibliography
*Clementine Churchill: The Biography of a Marriage (1979)
*Family Album: A Personal Selection from Four Generations of Churchills (1982)
*The Profligate Duke: George Spencer Churchill, Fifth Duke of Marlborough, and His Duchess (1987)
*Winston Churchill: His Life as a Painter (1990)
*Speaking For Themselves: The Private Letters of Sir Winston and Lady Churchill (1999)
*Clementine Churchill: The Revised and Updated Biography (2005)
*A Daughter's Tale: The Memoir of Winston and Clementine Churchill's Youngest Child (2012)
Mary, Baroness Soames is the only current female member of the Order of the Garter. Who was her father? Answer:
Tango (cat)
Hilary Hook
"Which British writer's epitaph ends, ""Home is the sailor, home from the sea. And the hunter home from the hill""?"
Robert Lewis Balfour Stevenson
Hereford Mappa Mundi
0 – At the centre of the map: Jerusalem, above it: the crucifix. 1 – Paradise, surrounded by a wall and a ring of fire. Current safety testing for LLMs often relies on static datasets and lacks systematic criteria to evaluate the quality and adequacy of these tests. During World War II this was printed in Japanese textbooks since Paradise appears to be roughly in the location of Japan. These results demonstrate STEER as a safety-preserving paradigm for risk control, capable of steering behavior without compromising domain competence. 2 – The Ganges and its delta. Jared Young Sanders Jr. 3 – The fabulous island of Taphana, sometimes interpreted as Sri Lanka or Sumatra. This variation suggests that using a fixed draft length limits the potential for further improvements in decoding speed. 4 – Rivers Indus and Tigris. 5 – The Caspian Sea, and the land of Gog and Magog
6 – Babylon and the Euphrates. 7 – The Persian Gulf. 8 – The Red Sea (painted in red). 9 – Noah's Ark. 10 – The Dead Sea, Sodom and Gomorrah, with the River Jordan, coming from the Sea of Galilee; above: Lot's wife. 11 – Egypt with the River Nile. 12 – The River Nile (?), or possibly an allusion to the equatorial ocean; far outside: a land of the monstrous races, possibly the Antipodes. 13 – The Azov Sea with rivers Don and Dnieper; above: the Golden Fleece. 14 – Constantinople; left of it the Danube's delta. 15 – The Aegean Sea. 16 – Oversized delta of the Nile with Alexandria's Pharos lighthouse. 17 – The legendary Norwegian Gansmir, with his skis and ski pole. 18 – Greece with Mt. Olympus, Athens and Corinth
19 – Misplaced Crete with the Minotaur's circular labyrinth. 20 – The Adriatic Sea; Italy with Rome, honoured by a popular Latin hexameter; Roma caput mundi tenet orbis frena rotundi ("Rome, the head, holds the reins of the world"). 21 – Sicily and Carthage, opposing Rome, right of it. 22 – Scotland. 23 – England. 24 – Ireland. 25 – The Balearic Islands. Now your bullet is on fire and can ignite all those flammable things inside the tank.</p> <p>If you get a penetration it's not just the bullet bouncing around doing damage, but fragments of armor add a shrapnel effect. 26 – The Strait of Gibraltar (the Pillars of Hercules). Literary associations
In which English Cathedral is the Mappa Mundi kept? Answer:
Hereford, England
Pungi
Snake-charming He was a pioneer in the use of modern epidemiological investigation methodologies such as conducting surveys and spatial epidemiology.