This Day in History: 05/23/1934 - Police Kill Bonnie and Clyde
In 1701, Captain William Kidd was hanged in London for piracy and murder.
Lead Story
Author
Police kill famous outlaws B&C
This colourless solid is a relatively strong carboxylic acid, being about 3,000 times stronger than acetic acid.
Publisher
A+E Networks
On this day in 1934, notorious criminals Bonnie Parker and Clyde Barrow are shot to death by Texas and Louisiana state police while driving a stolen car near Sailes, Louisiana.
Bonnie Parker met the charismatic Clyde Barrow in Texas when she was 19 years old and her husband (she married when she was 16) was serving time in jail for murder.
Parker visited him every day, and smuggled a gun into prison to help him escape, but he was soon caught in Ohio and sent back to jail.
When Barrow was paroled in 1932, he immediately hooked up with Parker, and the couple began a life of crime together.
After they stole a car and committed several robberies, Parker was caught by police and sent to jail for two months.
Released in mid-1932, she rejoined Barrow.
To law enforcement agents, the Barrow Gang–including Barrow’s childhood friend, Raymond Hamilton, W.D.
Jones, Henry Methvin, Barrow’s brother Buck and his wife Blanche, among others–were cold-blooded criminals who didn’t hesitate to kill anyone who got in their way, especially police or sheriff’s deputies.
Among the public, however, Parker and Barrow’s reputation as dangerous outlaws was mixed with a romantic view of the couple as “Robin Hood”-like folk heroes.
Their fame was increased by the fact that Bonnie was a woman–an unlikely criminal–and by the fact that the couple posed for playful photographs together, which were later found by police and released to the media.
Police almost captured the famous duo twice in the spring of 1933, with surprise raids on their hideouts in Joplin and Platte City, Missouri.
Buck Barrow was killed in the second raid, and Blanche was arrested, but B&C escaped once again.
In January 1934, they attacked the Eastham Prison Farm in Texas to help Hamilton break out of jail, shooting several guards with machine guns and killing one.
Texan prison officials hired a retired Texas police officer, Captain Frank Hamer, as a special investigator to track down B&C.
All told, the Barrow Gang was believed responsible for the deaths of 13 people, including nine police officers.
Question:
Which well known couple died in 1934?
Answer:
Prentiss Oakley
Passage:
Football League First Division
Between 1888 and 1992 it was the top level division in the English football league system.
It originally consisted of a single division of 12 clubs (Accrington, Aston Villa, Blackburn Rovers, Bolton Wanderers, Burnley, Derby County, Everton, Notts County, Preston North End, Stoke (now Stoke City), West Bromwich Albion and Wolverhampton Wanderers), known as The Football League.
When the League admitted additional members from the rival Football Alliance in 1892, it was split into two divisions.
For the next 100 years, the First Division was the top professional league in English football.
Then, in 1992 the 22 clubs making up the First Division elected to resign from the Football League and set up the Premier League.
The Football League was consequently re-organised, with the Second, Third and Fourth Divisions now renamed the First, Second and Third respectively.
The First Division was renamed as the Football League Championship prior to the start of the 2004–05 season, as part of a league-wide rebrand.
Liverpool were the most frequent winners of the First Division when it was the top flight of English football, winning it a total of 18 times.
The First Division initially consisted of 12 founder clubs; since then it has undergone a series of expansions as football became more popular and the number of quality teams increased.
There were also a series of contractions in the late 1980s, although they were soon reversed, as follows:
As of the 1947–48 season making 7 appearances for their club during the season was not enough for a player to qualify for a winners medal.
As of the 1975–76 season players had to make 14 appearances for their club during the season in order to qualify for a winners medal.
First Division champions
Question:
Who were the first ever winners of the English Football League in 1889?
Answer:
PNE F.C
Passage:
Chitty Chitty Bang Bang (1968) - IMDb
Young Oliver Twist runs away from an orphanage and meets a group of boys trained to be pickpockets by an elderly mentor.
Directors: Norman Ferguson, T.
Stars: Dickie Jones, Christian Rub, Mel Blanc
Directors: Victor Fleming, George Cukor, and 3 more credits »
Stars: Judy Garland, Frank Morgan, Ray Bolger
Edit
An eccentric professor invents wacky machinery but can't seem to make ends meet.
Written by Murray Chapman
Genres:
18 December 1968 (USA) See more »
They are also known as "pike-perch" because of their resemblance to fish in the unrelated Esocidae (pike) family.
Filming Locations:
Truly Scrumptious : [referring to helping the children] It's a beautiful dream Caractacus, but I don't see how it's gonna help them.
Toymaker : [incredulous] It is impossible!
Caracticus Potts : [confident] Well, we'll see.
Caracticus Potts : [loud and clear] Now, everybody listen to me!
Doll On a Music Box/Truly Scrumptious
We can hope that the new live musical in London will rekindle the public's appreciation for movies like this
P.S the "Old Bamboo" dance looks very much like the "Step in time," from Mary Poppins.
Question:
The Potts children are from which film?
Answer:
CCBB
Passage:
Populus sect.
Aigeiros
Populus section Aigeiros is a section of three species in the genus Populus, the poplars.
Like some other species in the genus Populus, they are commonly known as cottonwoods.
Description
An important feature of the leaves is the petiole, which is flattened sideways so that the leaves have a particular type of movement in the wind.
Species
Populus deltoides
Her indignation was caused by a communication delivered by Dick Curtis, in the parlour underneath, to the effect that Nicodemus Sedgett was not to be heard of in the neighbourhood. d. wislizeni (Rio Grande cottonwood; syn.
In Mexico, it can be found in the states of Baja California, Baja California Sur, Sonora , Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo León, Mexico State, and Puebla.
Black poplar (Populus nigra) is native to Europe and Western Asia, is distinct in its much smaller leaves, 5 - across, with a more rhombic (diamond) shape.
Cultivation and uses
Cottonwoods are widely grown for timber production along wet river banks, where their exceptional growth rate provides a large crop of wood within just 10–30 years.
Many of the cottonwoods grown commercially are the hybrid of eastern cottonwood and black poplar, Populus × canadensis (hybrid black poplar or Carolina poplar).
Question:
Balsam and cottonwoods are species of what?
Gnomon
A gnomon ([ˈnoʊmɒn], from Greek , gnōmōn, literally: "one that knows or examines" ) is the part of a sundial that casts a shadow.
History
Anaximander (610–546 BC) is credited with introducing this Babylonian instrument to the Greeks.
Indeed, the gnomon is the increment between two successive figurate numbers, including square and triangular numbers.
The most common use in this sense is an odd integer especially when seen as a figurate number between square numbers.
It is mentioned in the 2nd century Nine Chapters on the Mathematical Art as being used much earlier by the Duke of Zhou (11th century BC).
Orientation
This partial observability induces a generalization problem, which we analyze in a realizable, transductive setting.
In popular culture
The island the tower is found on is often called "Gnomon Island".
The Gnomon of Saint-Sulpice inside the church of Saint Sulpice in Paris, France, built to assist in determining the date of Easter, was fictionalized as a "Rose Line" in the novel The Da Vinci Code.
GNOMON is the name of a sentient computer network in the third edition of the role-playing game Unknown Armies
Question:
On what would you see a 'gnomon' ?
Sciothericum
Passage:
Oxalic Acid - chemdot.com
Notes:
Oxalic acid is the chemical compound with the formula C2O2(OH)2 or HOOCCOOH.
The dianion, known as oxalate, is a reducing agent as well as a ligand for metal cations.
Question:
What chemical compound that is a colourless solid is about 3,000 times stronger than acetic acid?
What a Country! is an American sitcom that aired in syndication from September 27, 1986 to May 23, 1987.
It was based on the 1977-1979 British sitcom Mind Your Language.
Synopsis
What a Country! is set in a class of recent immigrants to the United States who are trying to pass the citizenship test.
Brown) is an American English language teacher, while the students include Nikolai (a Russian taxi driver), Laszlo (a retired Hungarian doctor), Ali (a Pakistani), Robert (the son of a deposed African king), Maria (a housekeeper working for a rich Beverly Hills family), Victor (a Hispanic in love with Maria), Yung Hee (a shy Japanese woman) and Sheikh El Hamid (an Arabian sheikh).
Gail Strickland initially played the character of Principal Joan Courtney, though she was replaced by Don Knotts during the series' run.
The series aired a total of 26 episodes before being canceled.
Cast
* Garrett M.
Brown as Taylor Brown
* Gail Strickland as PJC (Episodes 1-10)
Question:
What country was once led by military leaders called shoguns?
Sander (formerly known as Stizostedion) is a genus of fish in the Percidae (perch) family.
Species
The genus includes the following 5 species:
Question:
Which fish is sometimes called a pike-perch
"Something in the Air" is a song recorded by Thunderclap Newman, written by Speedy Keen who also sang the song.
It was a number 1 single for three weeks in the UK Singles Chart in July 1969.
The track was also included on Thunderclap Newman's only album release Hollywood Dream over a year later.
Background
In 1969, Pete Townshend, The Who's guitarist, was the catalyst behind the formation of the band.
The concept was to create a band to perform songs written by drummer and singer Speedy Keen, who had written "Armenia City in the Sky", the first track on The Who Sell Out.
Our Breadth-First Search (BFS) Context Retrieval algorithm traverses relevant subgraphs with O(V+E) complexity, enabling real-time decision support.
Townshend recruited jazz pianist Andy 'Thunderclap' Newman (a friend from art college), and 15-year-old Glaswegian guitarist Jimmy McCulloch, who subsequently played lead guitar in Paul McCartney's Wings from 1974 to 1977 and died of a heroin overdose in 1979 aged just 26.
Keen played the drums and sang the lead.
Production
Townshend produced the single, arranged the strings, and played bass under the pseudonym Bijou Drains.
Originally titled Revolution but later renamed to avoid confusion with the Beatles' 1968 song of that name, "Something in the Air" captured post-flower power rebellion, marrying McCulloch's sweeping acoustic and glowing electric guitars, Keen's powerful drumming and yearning falsetto, and Newman's felicitous piano solo.
Reception
The single reached No.
1 in the UK Singles Chart just three weeks after release, holding off Elvis Presley in the process.
Rockets Galore is a 1957 comedy novel by the British writer Compton Mackenzie.
Labelle recorded an emotional cover of it alongside "The Revolution Will Not Be Televised" by Gil Scott-Heron for their 1973 album, Pressure Cookin'.
Personnel
*Speedy Keen - double-tracked lead vocal, drums
*Jimmy McCulloch - lead and rhythm guitars
*Pete Townshend - bass guitar (credited to "Bijou Drains"), orchestral arrangement
*Andy Newman - piano, lead vocals on "Wilhelmina"
Usage in film soundtracks
37 in the United States, and The Strawberry Statement (1970), which prompted a reissue of the single that "bubbled under" the Billboard Hot 100 at No.
It later appeared in Kingpin (1996), Almost Famous (2000), The Dish (2000), and The Girl Next Door (2004).
It also appeared on and was the title of the second disc in the Deluxe Edition of the Easy Rider soundtrack.
The song also appeared in a retro TV advert for the Austin Mini in the early 1990s, featuring 1960s fashion model Twiggy.
The song was featured in a number of episodes of 1960s-set UK police series Heartbeat.
It is also used as the 'on hold' music for The Carphone Warehouse, of which Talk Talk is a part.
The song was also featured in the pilot episode of the American television show Aliens in America and in the third season episode Bad Earl of My Name Is Earl.
Musical quotation
La Marseillaise also features in the 1812 Overture by Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky and in the opening of the Beatles' 1967 single All You Need Is Love.
Covers
The song has been covered by a number of artists, including:
* The Lightning Seeds and Trip Shakespeare in 1992
Subs in 2000
Question:
Pop music - which one hit wonder group had a number one hit with 'Something in the Air' in 1969?
Answer:
Thunderclap Newman
Passage:
Cyril Abraham
Cyril Stanley Abraham (22 September 1915–30 July 1979), was an English screenwriter best known for creating the popular BBC series The Onedin Line (1971-1980), writing the scripts for 22 episodes in addition to five novels based on the series.
Early years
Born in Liverpool in England, the son of John Abrahams, an oil mill labourer, and Agnes (née Davies), a widow, who married in 1918, as a boy Abraham attended the Liverpool Collegiate School and as a youth on the training ship HMS Conway before going to sea as an apprentice with the Liverpool shipping line Lambert and Holt.
He had a period as a Bevin Boy down Bold Colliery before serving as a Marconi wireless operator in the Merchant Navy during World War II.
Television writing
Abraham's writing for television included Coronation Street (1960), The Verdict is Yours (1962), Suspense (1963), The Villains (1964), No Hiding Place (1960-1964), Catch Hand (1964), Londoners (1965), King of the River (1966), Z-Cars (1967), The Expert (1968), The First Lady (1969), Dixon of Dock Green (1969), Counterstrike (1969), Paul Temple (1969-1970), Owen, M.D.
The World of the Onedin Line David & Charles (1977) pg 9 Abraham stated that James Onedin was not based on one individual but was rather an amalgamation of several characters.
The Onedin Line first appeared as a one-off BBC Drama Playhouse production transmitted on 7 December 1970; this is now lost.
An article in Woman magazine published in July 1973 featured an interview with Abraham in which he recalled how he came up with the very unusual family name Onedin.
The drama so impressed the powers that be at the BBC that a 15-part series was commissioned, with the first episode of Series 1 being transmitted on 15 October 1971; Abraham wrote six episodes in this first series.
In total he went on to write 22 of the 91 episodes, which were shown over 8 series.
Abraham wrote five of the six novels based on the series, namely The Shipmaster (1972), The Iron Ships (1974), The High Seas (1975), The Trade Winds (1977) and The White Ships (1979).
The books are not straightforward novelisations of the television episodes, since the author introduced additional material and also changed a number of details, though dialogue from the series that Abraham had penned himself is utilised.
A series of Onedin short stories by Abraham, set between Series Two and Series Three, appeared in Woman magazine in 1973.
Abraham had intended to write a whole series of novels about the Onedin Line, but he died in 1979 after completing the fifth book, The White Ships.
Elizabeth Onedin would have still been a formidable woman in her 90s, while James Onedin would have died aged 102, leaving the family divided over control of the company.
Abraham had intended the Onedin story to continue right up to the 1970s, following the progress of the descendants of Charlotte Onedin and William Frazer, played by Laura Hartong and Marc Harrison in the TV series.
Abraham, a heavy drinker, died of liver failure in 1979 aged 64 in Manley in Cheshire where he and Joan lived.[https://books.google.co.uk/books?id
VHQ7AwAAQBAJ&pgPT11&lpg
Question:
The novels ‘The Shipmaster, ‘The Iron Ships’ and ‘The Trade Winds’ by Cyril Abraham, are based on which 1970’s British tv series?
Answer:
Medusa (fictional ship)
Passage:
Lough Derg (Shannon)
Lough Derg, historically Lough Dergart (),[http://www.logainm.ie/ga/1166353 Placenames Database of Ireland] is a freshwater lake in the Shannon River Basin, Ireland.
It is the second-biggest lake in the Republic of Ireland and the third-biggest on the island of Ireland (after Lough Neagh and Lough Corrib).
It is a long, narrow lake, with shores in counties Clare (south-west), Galway (north-west), and Tipperary (to the east).
It is the southernmost of three large lakes on the River Shannon; the others being Lough Ree and Lough Allen.
Geography
At its deepest, the lake is 36 metres deep and covers an area of 130 km² (50.2 sq miles).
Close downstream from where Lough Derg empties into the Shannon are the falls of Doonass, the largest fall on the otherwise gently sloping river.
Nearby is the location of the hydroelectric power plant at Ardnacrusha, which, when built in 1927 was the world's largest.
Usage
In the nineteenth century, Lough Derg was an important artery from the port at Limerick to Dublin through the canals in the midlands of Ireland.
Navigable over its full 40 km length, Lough Derg is today popular with cruisers and other pleasure craft, as well as sailing and fishing.
In June 2013, 35 people were brought to safety when a major rescue effort was undertaken after an international rowing event was hit by severe weather.
Ecology
A breeding pair of white-tailed eagles first nested on an island in Lough Derg in 2012.
The North-East Shore is listed as a Special Area of Conservation.
Towns/villages
* Ballina
Question:
Which river is the primary inflow and the primary outflow of Lough Derg, the second largest lake in the Republic of Ireland?
Answer:
Shannon (disambiguation)
Rhodeus
Rhodeus is a genus of cyprinid fish, consisting of 22 species called bitterlings.
Most species in the genus are restricted to Asia, but two species are found in Europe (R. amarus and R. meridionalis).
Recently, Kolmogorov-Arnold Networks (KANs) have demonstrated promise through their improved interpretability and expressivity compared to traditional architectures based on MLPs.
The Boyce baronetcy, of Badgeworth in the County of Gloucester, is a title in the Baronetage of the United Kingdom.
After 3 to 4 weeks, larvae swim away from the hosts to continue life on their own.
Species
This genus and Acheilognathus have a convoluted taxonomic history, one being at times included in the other.
There are currently 22 recognized species in this genus:
Miao, 1934
Discovering Data Manifold Geometry via Non-Contracting Flows
Mori, 1935
Question:
What type of creature is a bitterling?
Answer:
Fish proteins
Passage:
Simon Park Orchestra
The Simon Park Orchestra is a group which is most notable for producing the instrumental Eye Level, the theme tune for the television series Van der Valk composed by Jan Stoeckart which spent four weeks at the number one position in the UK Singles Chart in September 1973.
Simon Park was born in March 1946 in Market Harborough, England.
His higher education took place at Worcester College, Oxford University where he gained a Bachelor of Arts in music.
Later works
Following the success of "Eye Level", Columbia released two albums of the orchestra's work, Something in the Air and Venus Fly Trap.
He co-wrote "Distant Hills", which was used as the theme tune to the television series Crown Court, and wrote the music for the 1972 ITV mystery quiz Whodunnit?, "Cross Country Go", a "B" movie made by British Movietone News in 1974, and incidental music for the wartime TV series Danger UXB.
He also composed music for the De Wolfe music library, some of which was used in films such as Eskimo Nell (1975), and composed the score for the film Nutcracker (1982).
Question:
Which 'E.L.' by the Simon Park Orchestra was No.1 in the UK for four weeks in 1973?
Passage:
Mary Soames
Mary Soames, Baroness Soames (née Spencer-Churchill; 15 September 1922 – 31 May 2014) was the youngest of the five children of Winston Churchill and his wife, Clementine.
She was the wife of Christopher Soames, Baron Soames.
Biography
Mary Spencer-Churchill was raised at Chartwell and educated at the Manor House at Limpsfield.
She worked for the Red Cross and the Women's Voluntary Service from 1939 to 1941, and joined the Auxiliary Territorial Service with whom she served in London, Belgium and Germany in mixed anti-aircraft batteries, rising to the rank of Junior Commander (equivalent to Captain).
She served many public organisations, such as the International Churchill Society, as a Patron; Church Army and Churchill Houses; and chaired the Royal National Theatre Board of Trustees between 1989 and 1995.
A successful author, Lady Soames wrote an acclaimed biography of her mother, Clementine Churchill, in 1979.
She offered insights into the Churchill family to various biographers, prominently including Sir Martin Gilbert, who became the authorised biographer of Sir Winston Churchill after the death of Churchill's son, Randolph, in 1968.
Additionally, she published a book of letters between Sir Winston and Lady Churchill, editing the letters as well as providing bridging material that placed the letters in personal, family, and historical context.
One of her more notable public appearances came on 29 April 2002 when she dined with the Queen at Buckingham Palace as part of the Golden Jubilee celebrations, alongside Prime Minister Tony Blair, and the four surviving former prime ministers at the time, as well as several relatives of other deceased prime ministers.
Lady Soames was made a Dame Commander of the Order of the British Empire for her public service, particularly in Rhodesia.
She was appointed a Lady Companion of the Order of the Garter on 23 April 2005, and was invested on 13 June at Windsor Castle.
On 31 May 2014, Lady Soames died at her home in London at the age of 91 following a short illness.
Family
Mary Soames married the Conservative politician Christopher Soames (later created Baron Soames) in 1947 and they had five children:
* 19 April 1978 – 14 June 1980: The Rt Hon.
Sir Arthur Nicholas Winston Soames (known as Nicholas – b.
12 February 1948) – Conservative Member of Parliament and former Shadow Secretary of State for Defence
6 September 1949) – editor of Saga magazine
Charlotte Clementine Soames now Countess Peel – is married to The Earl Peel, the Lord Chamberlain
Titles from birth
A list of the titles Lady Soames held in chronological order from birth:
* 15 September 1922 – 1945: Miss Mary Spencer-Churchill
* 1945 – 11 February 1947: MMS-Churchill, MBE
* 14 June 1980 – 23 April 2005: The Rt Hon.
* 23 April 2005 – 31 May 2014: The Rt Hon.
Arms
Bibliography
Books written by Mary Soames (titles may vary between UK and US editions):
*Family Album: A Personal Selection from Four Generations of Churchills (1982)
*The Profligate Duke: George Spencer Churchill, Fifth Duke of Marlborough, and His Duchess (1987)
*Speaking For Themselves: The Private Letters of SW&LC (1999)
*Clementine Churchill: The Revised and Updated Biography (2005)
*A Daughter's Tale: The Memoir of Winston and Clementine Churchill's Youngest Child (2012)
Question:
Mary, Baroness Soames is the only current female member of the Order of the Garter.
Answer:
Tango (cat)
Passage:
Hilary Hook
Lieutenant-Colonel Hilary Hook was a soldier in armies of the British Empire in India and later in Africa.
Hook was born on 26 September 1917 and was educated at Canford School, Dorset, and the Royal Military College, Sandhurst, after which he was commissioned into the Unattached List of the Indian Army on 27 January 1938.
From 1 April 1938 he was attached to the 1st battalion the Queen's Regiment.
He was admitted to the Indian Army on 27 November 1939 and posted to the Royal Deccan Horse (9th Horse).
He was promoted Lieutenant on 27 April 1940 and Captain on 27 January 1946.
He transferred to the 7th Hussars (later the Queen's Own Hussars) as a Captain on 28 June 1947.
He was promoted Major on 27 January 1951 and finally retired the service as an honorary Lieutenant-Colonel on 13 October 1964.
Hook became famous with the British public in the 1980s as the result of a BBC documentary entitled Home from the Hill directed by Molly Dineen.
Scaling Next-Brain-Token Prediction for MEG
The phrase 'home from the hill' is from a line of Robert Louis Stevenson's requiem: Home is the sailor, home from the sea, And the hunter home from the hill.
On 12 June 1987, the night after the British General Election, he appeared on a memorable edition of After Dark on Channel 4.
Question:
"Which British writer's epitaph ends, ""Home is the sailor, home from the sea.
Answer:
Robert Lewis Balfour Stevenson
Passage:
Hereford Mappa Mundi
During the Second World War, the mappa mundi and other valuable manuscripts from Hereford Cathedral Library were kept elsewhere in safety and returned to the collection in 1946.
After much controversy, large donations from the National Heritage Memorial Fund, Paul Getty and members of the public kept the map in Hereford and allowed the construction of a new library to house the map and the chained libraries from the Cathedral and All Saints' Church.
The new Library Building in the south east corner of the Cathedral Close opened in 1996.
Features
The map is signed by or attributed to one "Richard of Haldingham and Lafford", also known as Richard de Bello, "prebend of Lafford in Lincoln Cathedral".
Drawn on a single sheet of vellum, it measures 158 cm by 133 cm, some 52 in in diameter and is the largest medieval map known still to exist.
The writing is in black ink, with additional red and gold, and blue or green for water (with the Red Sea (8) coloured red).
It depicts 420 towns, 15 Biblical events, 33 animals and plants, 32 people, and five scenes from classical mythology.
Great Britain is drawn at the northwestern border (bottom left, 22 & 23).
We instead study a more stringent setting, Universal Targeted Transferable Adversarial Attacks (UTTAA), where a single perturbation must consistently steer arbitrary inputs toward a specified target across unknown commercial MLLMs.
The map is based on traditional accounts and earlier maps such as the one of the Beatus of Liébana codex, and is very similar to the Ebstorf map, the Psalter world map, and the Sawley (erroneously for considerable time called "Henry of Mainz") map; it does not correspond to the geographical knowledge of the 14th century.
Note, for example, that the Caspian Sea (5) connects to the encircling ocean (upper left).
This is in spite of William of Rubruk's having reported it to be landlocked in 1255, i.e.
Les recommandations 2020 de la Société Européenne de Cardiologie se sont enrichies sur la base de nombreuses données publiées au cours des 4 dernières années. several decades before the map's creation; see also Portolan chart.
The long river on the far right is the River Nile, too (12), and the T shape is established by the Mediterranean Sea (19-21-25) and the rivers Don (13) and Nile (16).
Locations
0 – At the centre of the map: Jerusalem, above it: the crucifix.
3 – The fabulous island of Taphana, sometimes interpreted as Sri Lanka or Sumatra.
10 – The Dead Sea, Sodom and Gomorrah, with the River Jordan, coming from the Sea of Galilee; above: Lot's wife.
12 – The River Nile (?), or possibly an allusion to the equatorial ocean; far outside: a land of the monstrous races, possibly the Antipodes.
13 – The Azov Sea with rivers Don and Dnieper; above: the Golden Fleece.
20 – The Adriatic Sea; Italy with Rome, honoured by a popular Latin hexameter; Roma caput mundi tenet orbis frena rotundi ("Rome, the head, holds the reins of the world").
Literary associations
The map is prominently featured in the 2007 novel Resistance by Owen Sheers.
Question:
In which English Cathedral is the Mappa Mundi kept?
Pungi
The pungi (Hindi: पुंगी), also called the been, is a wind instrument played by snake charmers in India and Pakistan.
History
The pungi was originally developed as an Indian folk music instrument, and is still important for religious purposes and music in India.
Construction
The pungi is traditionally made from a dried bottle gourd.
Usage
Indian musical practices often coincide with religious ideals.
VALUEFLOW: Toward Pluralistic and Steerable Value-based Alignment in Large Language Models
Question:
The Indian wind instrument, the pungi (also been or bin), is associated with what street activity?
Answer:
Snake-charming He was a pioneer in the use of modern epidemiological investigation methodologies such as conducting surveys and spatial epidemiology.