[user]
Passage 10:
George Clooney
George Timothy Clooney (born May 6, 1961) is an American actor and filmmaker.
He is the recipient of numerous accolades, including a British Academy Film Award, four Golden Globe Awards, and two Academy Awards; one for his acting and the other as a producer.
Each center could select the size/model that best fits its organization.
DeMille Award in 2015, the Honorary César in 2017, AFI Life Achievement Award in 2018, and the Kennedy Center Honors in 2022.Clooney started his career in television, gaining wide recognition in his role as Dr.
Doug Ross on the NBC medical drama ER from 1994 to 1999, for which he received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations.
Clooney made his directorial debut with the spy drama Confessions of a Dangerous Mind (2002), and has since directed the historical drama Good Night, and Good Luck (2005), the political drama The Ides of March (2011), the war film The Monuments Men (2014), and the science fiction film The Midnight Sky (2020).
Clooney won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for the thriller Syriana (2005), and earned Best Actor nominations for the legal thriller Michael Clayton (2007), and the comedy-dramas Up in the Air (2009) and The Descendants (2011).
He received the Academy Award for Best Picture for co-producing the political thriller Argo (2012).
He has also starred in Burn After Reading (2008), The American (2010), Gravity (2013), Hail, Caesar!
As of 2023, Clooney is one of two people to have been nominated for Academy Awards in six different categories, a position shared with Walt Disney.
He is also noted for his political and economic activism, and has served as one of the United Nations Messengers of Peace since 2008.
Outside of acting, Clooney is known for cofounding Casamigos tequila, which was one of the best-selling spirits of 2022.
His father, Nick Clooney, is a former anchorman and television host, including five years on the AMC network.
Clooney has an older sister named Adelia (known as Ada).
Cabaret singer and actress Rosemary Clooney was an aunt.
The Clooneys moved back to Kentucky when George was midway through the seventh grade.
He played a handyman on the series The Facts of Life and appeared as Bobby Hopkins, a detective, on an episode of The Golden Girls.
In 1988, Clooney played one of the lead roles in the comedy-horror film Return of the Killer Tomatoes.
During this period, Clooney was a student at the Beverly Hills Playhouse acting school for five years.
For his work on the series, Clooney received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations for Outstanding Lead Actor in a Drama Series in 1995 and 1996.
He also earned three Golden Globe Award nominations for Best Actor – Television Series Drama in 1995, 1996, and 1997 (losing to co-star Anthony Edwards).Clooney began appearing in films while working on ER.
He followed its success with the romantic comedy One Fine Day with Michelle Pfeiffer, and the action-thriller The Peacemaker with Nicole Kidman.
Clooney was then cast as Batman in Joel Schumacher's Batman & Robin, which was a modest box office performer, but a critical failure (with Clooney himself calling the film "a waste of money").
After leaving ER, Clooney starred in commercially successful films including Wolfgang Petersen's disaster film The Perfect Storm (2000) which was a box office success.
The film, a modern satire, is loosely based on Homer's epic Greek poem the Odyssey and the Preston Sturges 1941 classic film Sullivan's Travels.
This film is set in 1937 rural Mississippi during the Great Depression.
He received a Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Musical or Comedy nomination for his performance.
Patients diagnosed with HER2-negative mBC between 01 January 2010 and 31 December 2018 were retrospectively identified from the American Society of Clinical Oncology's CancerLinQ Discovery® database.
Variety film critic Todd McCarthy compared Clooney to Clark Gable writing, "Not for the first time recalling Clark Gable in his looks and line delivery, Clooney clearly delights in embellishing Everett's vanity and in delivering the Coens’ carefully calibrated, high-toned dialogue".
The following year In 2001, Clooney reunited with Soderbergh for the heist comedy Ocean's Eleven, a remake of the 1960s Rat Pack film of the same name, with Clooney playing Danny Ocean, originally portrayed by Frank Sinatra.
The film starred Clooney, Brad Pitt, Julia Roberts, Matt Damon, and Andy Garcia.
The film cemented Clooney as a leading film star.
It is Clooney's most successful film with him in the lead role, earning $451 million worldwide (he appeared, but did not star, in Gravity, which has a $723 million worldwide box office).
Ocean's Eleven inspired two sequels starring Clooney, Ocean's Twelve in 2004 and Ocean's Thirteen in 2007.
In 2001, Clooney and Soderbergh co-founded Section Eight Productions, for which Grant Heslov was president of television.
Famed critic Roger Ebert praised the film and Clooney writing, "Clooney has successfully survived being named People magazine's sexiest man alive by deliberately choosing projects that ignore that image.
His alliance with Soderbergh, both as an actor and co-producer, shows a taste for challenge." That same year Clooney made his directorial debut in the 2002 film Confessions of a Dangerous Mind, based on the autobiography of TV producer Chuck Barris.
Though the film did not do well at the box office, critics stated that Clooney's directing showed promise.In 2003, Clooney reunited with the Coen brothers in the romantic comedy Intolerable Cruelty opposite Catherine Zeta-Jones.
Elvis Mitchell of The New York Times praised their chemistry and the casting of Clooney in the role writing, "the good work comes from George Clooney, who happens to have the Art Deco profile fit for a 1930's comedy.
At the 2006 Academy Awards, Clooney was nominated for Best Director and Best Original Screenplay for Good Night, and Good Luck, as well as Best Supporting Actor for Syriana.
He won the Oscar for his role in Syriana.Clooney next appeared in The Good German (2006), a film noir directed by Soderbergh that is set in post-World War II Germany.
In August 2006, Clooney and Heslov started the production company Smokehouse Pictures.
In October 2006, Clooney received the American Cinematheque Award, which honors someone in the entertainment industry who has made "a significant contribution to the art of motion pictures".
On January 22, 2008, Clooney was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actor for Michael Clayton (2007) losing to Daniel Day-Lewis who won for Paul Thomas Anderson's drama There Will Be Blood (2007).
On April 4, 2008, Variety reported that Clooney had quietly resigned from the Writers Guild of America over a dispute concerning Leatherheads.
Clooney, who is the director, producer and star of the film, claimed that he had contributed in writing "all but two scenes" of it, and requested a writing credit alongside Duncan Brantley and Rick Reilly, who had worked on the screenplay for 17 years.
Functional links for Crhr1 genes with other genes/proteins in the gene network using mouse data were shown for the first 10 statistically significant genes involved.
Stephen Farber of The Hollywood Reporter praised Clooney's performance writing, "Boasting one of George Clooney’s strongest performances, the film seems like a surefire awards contender".
For his performance in the film he was nominated for a Golden Globe, a Screen Actors Guild Award, BAFTA, and an Academy Award.
The following year Clooney produced and starred in the dark crime drama The American (2010), based on the novel A Very Private Gentleman by Martin Booth and directed by Anton Corbijn.As of 2011, Clooney is represented by Bryan Lourd, co-chairman of Creative Artists Agency (CAA).
In 2011 Clooney starred in The Descendants as a husband whose wife has an accident that leaves her in a coma.
He earned critical praise for his work, and won the Broadcast Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor and the Golden Globe Award for Best Actor – Motion Picture Drama.
Also, he was nominated for the Screen Actors Guild for Best Actor, the BAFTA Award for Best Actor, and the Academy Award for Best Actor.
He was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay for the political drama The Ides of March.
In 2013, Clooney won the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Drama, the BAFTA Award for Best Picture and the Academy Award for Best Picture for producing Argo.
The following year Clooney co-starred with Sandra Bullock in Gravity (2013), a space thriller directed by Alfonso Cuarón.In 2013, Clooney co-founded Casamigos Tequila with Rande Gerber and Michael Meldman.
According to Forbes annual ranking, he was the world's highest-paid actor for 2017–2018, earning $239 million between June 1, 2017, and June 1, 2018.
The film starred an ensemble cast of A-list stars including Matt Damon, Cate Blanchett, Bill Murray, John Goodman, and Bob Balaban as well as European stars Hugh Bonneville, and Jean Dujardin.
Clooney portrayed Baird Whitlock, a Robert Taylor-type film star who is kidnapped during the production of a film.
He received the 2018 AFI Life Achievement Award on June 7, 2018.
The award was presented to him by Shirley MacLaine, and was honored by Julianna Margulies, Cate Blanchett, Bill Murray, Anna Kendrick, Jimmy Kimmel, Jennifer Aniston, Courteney Cox and his wife Amal Clooney.
In 2019, Clooney returned to television, starring, directing, and producing the Hulu historical miniseries Catch-22 based upon the novel of the same name by Joseph Heller.
The series premiered on May 31, 2019, to critical acclaim.After a four year absence from acting in film Clooney starred in the science fiction film,The Midnight Sky a film he also directed, and produced based upon the Lily Brooks-Dalton debut novel, Good Morning, Midnight, for Netflix.
The coming-of-age film will be streaming on Amazon Prime Video from January 7, 2022.In February 2021, The Hollywood Reporter reported that Clooney's Smokehouse Pictures would be teaming with Sports Illustrated Studios and 101 Studios to produce a docuseries about the Ohio State University abuse scandal, and that the series would be based on an October 2020 Sports Illustrated article by Jon Wertheim.In September 2021, Clooney reteamed with Brad Pitt for an untitled thriller film written and directed by Jon Watts.In 2022, he reunited with Julia Roberts for a romantic comedy film Ticket to Paradise directed by Ol Parker.
It was initially set to release in theatres on September 30, 2022, but was pushed by a month to October 21, 2022.In 2023, Clooney reprised the role of Bruce Wayne / Batman in a cameo in The Flash.
Political views
Clooney supported both of Barack Obama's 2008 and 2012 presidential campaigns.
Clooney endorsed Hillary Clinton for the 2016 presidential election.
Clooney endorsed Joe Biden for the 2020 presidential election, and he hosted a virtual fundraiser for Biden together with Obama on July 28, 2020.He has also made humorous statements against Republican Party figures.
In 2006, Clooney sarcastically thanked Jack Abramoff at the 63rd Golden Globe Awards before concluding with "Who would name their kid 'Jack' with 'off' at the end?
Clooney has also described Republican donor Steve Wynn as an "asshole" and a "jackass", after the two had a heated disagreement over the Affordable Care Act.
Clooney is involved with Not On Our Watch Project, an organization that focuses global attention and resources to stop and prevent mass atrocities, along with Brad Pitt, Matt Damon, Don Cheadle, David Pressman, and Jerry Weintraub.
The production was held at the Wilshire Ebell Theatre and broadcast on YouTube to raise money for the American Foundation for Equal Rights.
GLSEN works to create a safe space in schools for children who are or may be perceived to be gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender.On August 7, 2020, George and Amal Clooney donated $100,000 to three Lebanese charities after the capital, Beirut, was left devastated by a deadly explosion.
Darfur
Clooney has advocated a resolution of the Darfur conflict.
The documentary was broadcast on American cable TV as well as in the UK and France.
In December, he visited China and Egypt with Don Cheadle and two Olympic winners to ask both governments to pressure Sudan's government.On March 25, 2007, he sent an open letter to German Chancellor Angela Merkel, calling on the European Union to take "decisive action" in the region given the failure of Sudan President Omar al-Bashir to respond to UN resolutions.
He narrated and was co-executive producer of the 2007 documentary Sand and Sorrow.
Clooney also appeared in the documentary film Darfur Now, a call-to-action film released in November 2007 for people all over the world to help stop the Darfur crisis.
In December 2007, Clooney and fellow actor Don Cheadle received the Summit Peace Award from the Nobel Peace Prize Laureates in Rome.
The simple truth is that when it comes to the atrocities in Darfur those people are not better off now than they were years ago." On January 18, 2008, the United Nations announced Clooney's appointment as a UN messenger of peace, effective January 31.Clooney conceived of and, with John Prendergast – human rights activist, co-founder of the Enough Project, and Strategic Advisor for Not on Our Watch Project – initiated the Satellite Sentinel Project (SSP), after an October 2010 trip to South Sudan.
SSP aims to monitor armed activity for signs of renewed civil war between Sudan and South Sudan, and to detect and deter mass atrocities along the border regions there.Clooney and Prendergast co-wrote a Washington Post op-ed piece in May 2011, titled "Dancing with a dictator in Sudan", arguing that:
On March 16, 2012, Clooney was arrested outside the Sudanese Embassy for civil disobedience.
Several other prominent participants were also arrested, including Martin Luther King III.
Clooney has been described as one of the most strident critics of Omar al-Bashir.
Armenian genocide
Clooney supports the recognition of the Armenian genocide.
He is one of the chief associates of the 100 Lives Initiative, a project which aims to remember the lives lost during the event.
As part of the initiative, Clooney launched the Aurora Prize, which awards to those who risk their lives to prevent genocides and atrocities.
Clooney had also urged various American government officials to support the United States' recognition of the Armenian Genocide.
Clooney visited Armenia to commemorate the 101st anniversary of the event in April 2016.
Syria
In May 2015, Clooney told the BBC that the Syrian conflict was too complicated politically to get involved in and he wanted to focus on helping the refugees.
Gun control
In 2018, following the Stoneman Douglas High School shooting, the Clooneys pledged $500,000 to the March for Our Lives and said they would be in attendance.
LGBT rights
Clooney is a supporter of gay rights.
Clooney lists nine hotels including The Dorchester, 45 Park Lane, Coworth Park, The Beverly Hills Hotel, Hotel Bel-Air, Le Meurice, Hotel Plaza Athenee, Hotel Eden and Hotel Principe di Savoia and asks readers to consider how "we are putting money directly into the pockets of men who choose to stone and whip to death their own citizens for being gay or accused of adultery."
Personal life
Corboy has been married to Kara McNamara Corboy since August 4, 2001.
Relationships
Clooney dated actress Kelly Preston (1987–1989).
In 1995, Clooney dated Cameron Diaz and Frances Fisher.
Theoretical regret bounds for the two methods are established, ensuring their sublinear performance.
After meeting British model Lisa Snowdon in 2000, he had a five-year on-again, off-again relationship with her.
In June 2007, he started dating reality personality Sarah Larson, but the couple broke up in May 2008.
In July 2011, Clooney started dating former WWE personnel Stacy Keibler, and they ended their relationship in July 2013.Clooney became engaged to British-Lebanese human rights lawyer Amal Alamuddin on April 28, 2014.
He subsequently said they forged a strong bond because of their interest in campaigning work, and particularly over the issue of the Elgin Marbles, when she was acting for the government of Greece in support of their return from the British Museum and he, while promoting his film The Monuments Men, had argued for this and been criticised by the Mayor of London, Boris Johnson.In July 2014, Clooney publicly mocked the British tabloid newspaper Daily Mail after it claimed his fiancée's mother opposes their marriage on religious grounds.
One that makes up its facts to the detriment of its readers." On August 7, 2014, Clooney and Alamuddin obtained marriage licenses at the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea of the United Kingdom.
Alamuddin and Clooney were officially married on September 27, 2014, at Ca' Farsetti.
They were married by Clooney's friend Walter Veltroni, the former mayor of Rome.In 2015, Clooney and Alamuddin adopted a rescue dog, a Bassett Hound named Millie, from the San Gabriel Valley Humane Society.On February 9, 2017, it was reported by the CBS talk show, The Talk, that Amal was pregnant, and that they were expecting twins.
In 2020, Clooney revealed to Jimmy Kimmel and Graham Norton in their respective talk shows that the twins can speak Italian fluently, despite both Clooney and Alamuddin not speaking the language.
Real estate
Clooney has property in Los Angeles.
He purchased the 7,354-square-foot (683.2 m2) house in 1995 through his George Guilfoyle Trust.
In 2014, Clooney and his new British wife Amal Alamuddin bought the Grade II listed Mill House on an island in the River Thames at Sonning Eye in Oxfordshire, England at a cost of around £10 million.
In May 2021, The Economic Times reported Clooney plans to buy a vineyard near the village of Brignoles, in France, which includes an 18th-century manor with its own swimming pool and a tennis court.
On September 21, 2007, Clooney and then-girlfriend Sarah Larson were injured in a motorcycle accident in Weehawken, New Jersey, when his motorcycle was hit by a car.
On October 9, 2007, more than two dozen staff at Palisades Medical Center were suspended without pay for looking at Clooney's medical records in violation of federal law.On July 10, 2018, Clooney was hit by a car while riding a motorcycle to a film set in Sardinia.
Sports
Growing up around Cincinnati, Clooney is a fan of the Cincinnati Bengals and Cincinnati Reds.
Clooney is also an association football fan and supports EFL League One club Derby County F.C.
In November 2021, Clooney wrote an op-ed to British tabloid The Daily Mail, petitioning them to stop publishing photos of his children, highlighting that his wife is an international lawyer who works "confronting and putting on trial terrorist groups" and that the tabloid was endangering their lives.
In the media
Clooney has appeared in commercials outside the U.S. for Fiat, Nespresso, Martini vermouth, Omega, and Warburtons.
Clooney was named one of Time magazine's 100 Most Influential People in the World in 2007, 2008, and 2009.
He is sometimes described as one of the most handsome men in the world.
In 2005, TV Guide ranked Clooney No.
The cover story in a February 2008 issue of Time magazine was headlined with: "George Clooney: The last movie star".He was parodied in the South Park episode "Smug Alert!", which criticizes his acceptance speech at the 78th Academy Awards.
Clooney was caricatured in the American Dad!
The population-based BC Cancer databases were used to identify all patients diagnosed between January 2013 and December 2015 who died of prostate cancer. episode "Tears of a Clooney", in which Francine Smith plans to destroy him.Director Alexander Cartio made his debut feature film, Convincing Clooney, about a Los Angeles artist who, faced with rejection as an actor and screenwriter, concocts a master plan to get Clooney to star in his first-ever low-budget short film.
Awards and nominations
Throughout his career, Clooney has won two Academy Awards, one for Best Supporting Actor for his role in Syriana and one for Best Picture as one of the producers for Argo, as well as a BAFTA and a Golden Globe.
For his role in The Descendants, he won a Golden Globe Award and was nominated for an Academy Award, BAFTA Award, Satellite Award, and two Screen Actors Guild Awards: Best Lead Actor and Best Cast.
On January 11, 2015, Clooney was awarded the Golden Globe Cecil B.
These initiatives have led to major changes in the organization and self-apprehension of national and European neuroscience societies.
DeMille Lifetime Achievement Award.
Passage 2:
Mwansa the Great
Mwansa the Great is a 2011 film.
Synopsis
While trying to prove he is a hero, Mwansa does the unforgivable and accidentally breaks his big sister Shula's special mud doll.
FCAT 2011
International Price - Silence, on court !
External links
African Film Festival of Cordoba-FCAT (license CC BY-SA)
Passage 3:
Robyn Moore (British actress)
Robyn Moore (born 15 September 1960) is a British actress, best known for playing Shirley Benson in EastEnders from 2003 to 2004.
She is the daughter of actor Stephen Moore and the niece of actor James Hazeldine.
Passage 4:
Zebennus
Zebennus was a third-century bishop and Christian Martyr from Palaestina Prima (Modern Israel).
Cornelia Betsch (a psychologist, University of Erfurt), Vittoria Colizza (a computational epidemiologist, INSERM), Sara del Valle (a computational epidemiologist, Los Alamos National Laboratory), Chikwe Ihekweazu (a public health epidemiologist, Nigeria Centre for Disease Control) and Carmela Troncoso (a data security specialist, EPFL) talked to Nature Communications about their experience with COVID-19 response and their vision on a new system for disease surveillance and control, providing a view on how this should interact with policy making.
Passage 5:
Killer's Romance
Killer's Romance (released in the Philippines as The Cyprus Tiger) is a 1990 Hong Kong action film written, produced and directed by Phillip Ko, who also co-stars in a supporting role in the film.
Plot
Joey Wong as Jenny
Yasuyoshi Shikamura (Luk Chuen) as Yoshikawa
Fung Wai-lun as Thug
Yiu Chan-lam as Thug
Release
Killer's Romance was released in Hong Kong on 17 May 1990.
In the Philippines, the film was released as The Cyprus Tiger in mid-1992.
Club praised star Simon Yam's acting and physical performance but notes its brush-cuts, poor music and clothes.
In the book, The Hong Kong Filmography, 1977–1997: A Reference Guide to 1,100 Films Produced by British Hong Kong Studios, John Charles gave the film a score of 6/10 and praises Yam's convincing performance but criticizes its non-innovative script.
Box office
The film grossed HK$3,232,936 at the Hong Kong box office during its theatrical run from 17 to 30 May 1990.
Passage 6:
Matt Corboy
Matt Corboy (born June 4, 1973) is an American actor.
Early life
Corboy was born in Honolulu, Hawaii, and grew up there, before leaving to attend Colorado State University, where he earned a degree in business.
Career
Corboy took up acting in 1996, and has appeared in many commercials, films, and had one-time guest roles in television series.
His best-known role was on The Shield, where he appeared as Officer Ray Carlson in 17 episodes.
In 2011, he played Cousin Ralph in The Descendants, which received widespread critical acclaim and multiple awards including an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Passage 7:
The Ides of March (1961 film)
The Ides of March is a 1961 Australian television play.
Lynn Flanagan as Claudia
Keith Dare as Casca
Fay Kelton as Pompeia
The TV critic from the Sydney Morning Herald thought "nothing could have seemed less promising" than an adaptation of the novel, which did not seem suited to television, but "the results were surprisingly successful" praising the writing and direction.
Passage 8:
Phillip Ko
Phillip Ko-Fei (June 18, 1949 – March 30, 2017) was a Hong Kong filmmaker.
Passage 9:
The Ides of March (2011 film)
The Ides of March is a 2011 American political drama film directed by George Clooney from a screenplay written by Clooney, Grant Heslov, and Beau Willimon.
The film is an adaptation of Willimon's 2008 play Farragut North.
The Ides of March was featured as the opening film at the 68th Venice International Film Festival and at the 27th Haifa International Film Festival, and was shown at the 2011 Toronto International Film Festival.
The film received positive reviews from critics and was chosen by the National Board of Review as one of the top ten films of 2011.
Gosling earned a Golden Globe Award nomination for his performance, while Clooney, Heslov and Willimon were nominated for an Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.
Our study analyses the microscopic lesions recorded after caustic exposure in fourteen lethal and four non-lethal cases.
They underline the coming in of the disease which appears to strike two targets populations female in strong genital activity and males between 40 and 60 years of age.
George Clooney as Mike Morris, Governor of Pennsylvania and a Democratic presidential candidate.
Production
In October 2010, Variety reported that Clooney signed on to produce, direct, and star in the film adaptation of Beau Willimon's Broadway play Farragut North.
Filming in Cincinnati, Ohio began in February 2011 in Downtown Cincinnati at Fountain Square, Over-the-Rhine historic district, Northside, Mount Lookout, Xavier University, other neighborhoods and at Miami University's Farmer School of Business and Hall Auditorium (Miami University and Hall Auditorium are located in Oxford, Ohio).
Producer and screenplay co-writer Grant Heslov said that "the omission of Cincinnati in the credits was an inadvertent mistake, something that slipped through the cracks." He also said that the credits would be corrected for the home release of the film.
Release
The Ides of March premiered on 31 August 2011 as the opening film of the 68th Venice International Film Festival.
Critical response
On Rotten Tomatoes, the film holds an approval rating of 84% based on 243 reviews, with an average rating of 7.38/10.
Averaged evoked responses were recorded from different centers to electrical stimulation of a center.
That is not the case in The Ides of March, which is less an allegory of the American political process than a busy, foggy, mildly entertaining antidote to it."
Politics in film
Ribhu Dasgupta
Ribhu Dasgupta is an Indian film and television director.
He was nominated at the Shanghai International Film Festival for Asian New Talent Award of Best Film for the film Michael.
Biography
Born in Kolkata, Ribhu's father, Raja Dasgupta, and grandfather, Harisadhan Dasgupta, are a filmmaker and noted documentary filmmaker, respectively.
Bengali filmmaker Birsa Dasgupta is his brother in relation.
In Mumbai he worked as an assistant to filmmaker Anurag Kashyap.