Passage 9:
Adib Kheir (Arabic: أديب الخير) was a leading Syrian nationalist of the 1920s.
He was the owner of the Librairie Universelle in Damascus.
Precision oncology shows much potential through the use of next-generation sequencing and molecular advances, but does this potential warrant the investment?
Mehdi Abrishamchi (Persian: مهدی ابریشم‌چی born in 1947 in Tehran) is a high-ranking member of the People's Mujahedin of Iran (MEK).
Early life and education
Abrishamchi came from a well-known anti-Shah bazaari family in Tehran, and participated in June 5, 1963, demonstrations in Iran.
Career
Shortly after Iranian Revolution, he became one of the senior members of the MEK.
Electoral history
Personal life
Legacy
Abrishamchi credited Massoud Rajavi for saving the People's Mojahedin Organization of Iran after the "great schism".
Gibson
Heather Denise Gibson (Greek: Χέδερ Ντενίζ Γκίμπσον) is a Scottish economist currently serving as Director-Advisor to the Bank of Greece (since 2011).
Academic career
Anderson
Paul William Scott Anderson (born 4 March 1965) is an English filmmaker who regularly works in science fiction films and video game adaptations.
Editor
Economic Bulletin, Bank of Greece
Books
The Eurocurrency Markets, Domestic Financial Policy and International Instability (London, etc., Longman: 1989) ISBN 0312028261
International Finance: Exchange Rates and Financial Flows in the International Financial System (London, etc., Longman: 1996) ISBN 0582218136
Economic Transformation, Democratization and Integration into the European Union (London: Palgrave Macmillan: 2001) ISBN 9780333801222
Articles and papers
"Fundamentally Wrong: Market Pricing of Sovereigns and the Greek Financial Crisis," Journal of Macroeconomics, Elsevier, vol.
"Capital flows and speculative attacks in prospective EU member states" (with Euclid Tsakalotos, Economics of Transition Volume 12, Issue 3, pages 559–586, September 2004)
"A Unifying Framework for Analysing Offsetting Capital Flows and Sterilisation: Germany and the ERM" (with Sophocles Brissimis & Euclid Tsakalotos, International Journal of Finance & Economics, 2002, vol.
Compact Hypercube Embeddings for Fast Text-based Wildlife Observation Retrieval
"Internal vs External Financing of Acquisitions: Do Managers Squander Retained Profits" (with Andrew Dickerson and Euclid Tsakalotos, Studies in Economics, 1996; Oxford Bulletin of Economics and Statistics, 2000)
"Are Aggregate Consumption Relationships Similar Across the European Union" (with Alan Carruth & Euclid Tsakalotos, Regional Studies, Volume 33, Issue 1, 1999)
Takeover Risk and the Market for Corporate Control: The Experience of British Firms in the 1970s and 1980 (with AD&ET, 1998) PDF
"The Impact of Acquisitions on Company Performance: Evidence from a Large Panel of UK Firms" (with AD&ET, Oxford Economic Papers New Series, Vol.
344–361)
"Short-Termism and Underinvestment: The Influence of Financial Systems" (with AD&ET, The Manchester School of Economic & Social Studies, 1995, vol.
"Testing a Flow Model of Capital Flight in Five European Countries" (with Euclid Tsakalotos, The Manchester School of Economic and Social Studies, Volume 61, Issue 2, pp.
Recovered 7 July 2015
Maria Teresa (born María Teresa Mestre y Batista; 22 March 1956) is the Grand Duchess of Luxembourg as the wife of Grand Duke Henri, who acceded to the throne in 2000.
Maria Teresa was born on 22 March 1956 in Marianao, Havana, Cuba, to José Antonio Mestre y Álvarez (1926–1993) and wife María Teresa Batista y Falla de Mestre (1928–1988), both from bourgeois families of Spanish descent.
MaMa: A Game-Theoretic Approach for Designing Safe Agentic Systems
She is also the granddaughter of Agustín Batista y González de Mendoza, who was the founder of the Trust Company of Cuba, the most powerful Cuban bank prior to the Cuban Revolution.In October 1959, at the time of the Cuban Revolution, Maria Teresa Mestre’s parents left Cuba with their children, because the new government headed by Fidel Castro confiscated their properties.
The family settled in New York City, where as a young girl she was a pupil at Marymount School.
She later lived in Santander, Spain, and in Geneva, Switzerland, where she became a Swiss citizen.In 1980, Maria Teresa graduated from the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva with a degree in political sciences.
Soon after her marriage, Maria Teresa and the then Hereditary GDH established The Prince Henri and Princess Maria Teresa Foundation to help those with special needs integrate fully into society.
Specifically, we develop Enersys, a multi-agent collaborative framework for end-to-end dataset construction, through which we produce: (1) a smart energy knowledge base, EnerBase, to enrich the model's foundational expertise; (2) an instruction fine-tuning dataset, EnerInstruct, to strengthen performance on domain-specific downstream tasks; and (3) an RLHF dataset, EnerReinforce, to align the model with human preferences and industry standards.
Also, since 2006, Maria Teresa has been honorary president of the LuxFLAG (Luxembourg Fund Labeling Agency), the first agency to label responsible microfinance investment funds around the world.On 19 April 2007, the Grand Duchess was appointed UNICEF Eminent Advocate for Children, in which role she has visited Brazil (2007), China (2008), and Burundi (2009).She is a member of the Honorary Board of the International Paralympic Committee and a patron of the Ligue Luxembourgeoise de Prévention et d’Action medico-sociales and SOS Villages d’Enfants Monde.
The Grand Duchess and her husband GDH are the members of the Mentor Foundation (London), created under the patronage of the World Health Organization.
In October 2016, Maria Teresa accepted an invitation to join the eminent international Council of Patrons of the Asian University for Women (AUW) in Chittagong, Bangladesh.
The university, which is the product of east-west foundational partnerships (Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Open Society Foundation, IKEA Foundation, etc.) and regional cooperation, serves extraordinarily talented women from 15 countries across Asia and the Middle East.In 2019, Maria Teresa presented her initiative "Stand Speak Rise Up!" to end sexual violence in fragile environments, launched in cooperation with the Women’s Forum and with the support of the Luxembourg government.
Denis Mukwege Foundation and We Are Not Weapons of War.In 2020 the Prime Minister of Luxembourg commissioned a report into the Cour le Grand Ducal following concerns over its working.
The report found that up to 1/3 of employees had left since 2015 and that "The most important decisions in the field of personnel management, whether at the level of recruitment, assignment to the various departments or even at the dismissal level are taken by HRH the Grand Duchess.” Several newspaper reports at the time highlighted a 'culture of fear' around the Grand Duchess and "that no-one bar the Prime Minister dared confront her".
The report also raised concerns about the use of public funds to pay for the Grand Duchess' personal website and that this had been prioritised over the Cour's own official website.
Under these conditions, ConceptMoE consistently outperforms standard MoE across language and vision-language tasks, achieving +0.9 points on language pretraining, +2.3 points on long context understanding, and +0.6 points on multimodal benchmarks.
In Stage 1, SC3D performs edge preselection through node-wise prediction to obtain masks for lagged and instantaneous edges, whereas Stage 2 refines these masks by optimizing a likelihood with sparsity along with enforcing acyclicity on the instantaneous block.
In February 2023 it was reported by several Luxembourg based media that the Grand Duchess had once again been accused of treating staff poorly during an outfit fitting in October 22.
Maria Teresa married Prince Henri of Luxembourg in a civil ceremony on 4 February 1981 and a religious ceremony on 14 February 1981, since Valentine's Day was their favourite holiday.
The consent of the Grand Duke had been previously given on 7 November 1980.
The couple has five children: Guillaume, Hereditary Grand Duke of Luxembourg, Prince Félix of Luxembourg, Prince Louis of Luxembourg, Princess Alexandra of Luxembourg, and Prince Sébastien of Luxembourg, They were born at Maternity Hospital in Luxembourg City.
Honours
Luxembourg:
Knight of the Order of the Gold Lion of the House of Nassau
Foreign
Austria: Grand Star of the Decoration of Honour for Services to the Republic of Austria
Belgium: Grand Cordon of the Order of Leopold I
Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross
Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland
France: Grand Cross of the Order of National Merit
Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of Beneficence
Italy: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Merit of the Italian Republic
Japan: Grand Cordon (Paulownia) of the Order of the Precious Crown
Latvia: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Three Stars
Netherlands:
KGC of the Order of the Netherlands Lion
Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of Saint Olav
Portugal-
Portuguese Royal Family:
Portugal:
Grand Cross of the Order of Christ
Romania: Grand Cross of the Order of the Star of Romania
Spain: Dame Grand Cross of the Order of Charles III
Sweden:
Member of the Royal Order of the Seraphim
Recipient of the 50th Birthday Badge Medal of King Carl XVI Gustaf
Footnotes
External links
Princess Auguste of Bavaria (German: Auguste Maria Luise Prinzessin von Bayern; 28 April 1875 – 25 June 1964) was a member of the Bavarian Royal House of Wittelsbach and the spouse of Archduke Joseph August of Austria.
Birth and family
Marriage and issue
She married Joseph August, Archduke of Austria, on 15 November 1893 in Munich.
Analyzing pretrained representations, we identify a modality-gap axis that dominates early gradient flow, while a random rank-1 initialization is unlikely to align with it, leading to weak gradients and training collapse.
Archduke Joseph Francis of Austria, born on 28 March 1895; died on 25 September 1957(1957-09-25) (aged 62)
Archduchess Gisela Auguste Anna Maria, born on 5 July 1897; died on 30 March 1901(1901-03-30) (aged 3)
Archduchess Sophie Klementine Elisabeth Klothilde Maria, born on 11 March 1899; died on 19 April 1978(1978-04-19) (aged 79)
Archduke Ladislaus Luitpold, born on 3 January 1901; died on 29 August 1946(1946-08-29) (aged 44)
Archduke Matthias Joseph Albrecht Anton Ignatius, born on 26 June 1904; died on 7 October 1905(1905-10-07) (aged 1)
Archduchess Magdalena Maria Raineria, born on 6 September 1909; died on 11 May 2000(2000-05-11) (aged 90)
On the outbreak of war with Italy in 1915, Augusta Maria Louise, though in her 40s and the mother of a son serving as an officer, went to the front with the cavalry regiment of which her husband, the Archduke Josef August, a corps commander, was honorary colonel, and served a common soldier, wearing a saber and riding astride, until the end of the war.
Anderson, written by David Webb Peoples, and starring Kurt Russell, Jason Scott Lee, Jason Isaacs, Connie Nielsen, Sean Pertwee and Gary Busey.
The film was a box-office bomb, grossing $14 million worldwide against a production budget of $60 million.
Todd 3465 is a hardened veteran and one of the original 1996 infants, but his unit is about to be replaced by a superior one, with the original unit likely to be deactivated.
The new genetically engineered soldiers arrive on the garbage planet, and, since the world is listed as uninhabited, Colonel Mekum decides to use the colonists' community as the target in a training exercise.
The script was 15 years old at the time of production.Kurt Russell spoke only 104 words in the entire movie despite being in 85% of the scenes.
Soldier was released on VHS and DVD on March 2, 1999, and on Blu-ray on July 26, 2011.
Critical response
The review aggregator website Rotten Tomatoes reported a 15% approval rating based on 53 reviews and an average rating of 3.8/10.
The website's critical consensus reads, "A boring genre film and a waste of a good set." Audiences polled by CinemaScore gave the film an average grade of "B+" on an A+ to F scale.Bruce Westbrook of the Houston Chronicle commented that "the action is handled fairly well, but it's routine, and there's no satisfaction in seeing Todd waste men who are no more bloodthirsty than he is." Lisa Schwarzbaum of Entertainment Weekly criticized the film's overuse of genre clichés, saying "any cliché you can dream up for a futuristic action movie, any familiar big-budget epic you can think to rip off, Soldier has gotten there first." Michael Wilmington of the Chicago Tribune described the film as "a big, clanging, brutal actioner in which we search the murk in vain for the sparks of humanity the moviemakers keep promising us." Lisa Alspector of the Chicago Reader found the film to be enjoyable, calling Russell's performance "persuasive" and saying "this appealing formulaic action adventure displays a lot of conviction in its not-too-flashy action scenes and a little levity in the gradual socialization of Russell's character." Similarly, Kevin Thomas of the Los Angeles Times gave the film a rating of 3.5 out of 5 and called it "a potent comic-book-style action-adventure."
Soldier was written by David Peoples, who co-wrote the script for the 1982 film Blade Runner.
Offline benchmarks evaluate the agents through single-path trajectories, which stands in contrast to the inherently multi-solution characteristics of GUI tasks.
Dick (who wrote the 1968 novel Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?, on which Blade Runner is based), or film adaptations thereof.
Guided by these insights, MAS-Orchestra achieves consistent improvements on public benchmarks including mathematical reasoning, multi-hop QA, and search-based QA, while achieving more than 10x efficiency over strong baselines.
He is best known as the creative voice behind the first six films of the Resident Evil film series (2002–2016), which stars Milla Jovovich (whom he married in 2009), and is based on the Capcom video game series of the same name.
The series's first six films, of which Anderson directed four, have collectively grossed over $1 billion worldwide, making it the most commercially successful video game adaptation of all time.
Motivated by recent advances demonstrating the effectiveness of parallel data in improving multilingual performance, we conduct controlled and comprehensive experiments to study the effectiveness of parallel data in continual pretraining of LLMs.
Mayor Tiemann is a ninny and a hypocrite—has basely disowned his native Holland skies—has never been naturalized—bamboozled the Americans in 1843 and 1857—loves neither American nor foreigner, nor his God—but adores himself and Peter Cooper, and fears George W.
Predator (2004), based on the crossover concept of the same name between the Alien and Predator franchises; and Death Race (2008), a remake/prequel to 1975's Death Race 2000.
At the age of nine, he started making films with a Super-8 camera.
After much trouble securing funding, Shopping, which stars Sean Pertwee, Jude Law (in his first feature film role) and Sadie Frost, was released in the United Kingdom in 1994.
When Shopping was accepted in the Sundance Film Festival, American studios noticed its impressive look and style despite its relatively small $2 million budget, which led to opportunies in Hollywood for Anderson.
Notably, our examination of event data from the K League 1 (2024 season), provided by Bepro, detected that 18.81% of all recorded events exhibited logical inconsistencies.
Using a script written by Kevin Droney, the film was based on the first entry in the video game franchise by Midway Games, Mortal Kombat, although elements and characters were borrowed from the original game's sequel, Mortal Kombat II.
The film featured an ensemble cast, including Robin Shou as Liu Kang and Christopher Lambert as Raiden.
PIDSMaker: Building and Evaluating Provenance-based Intrusion Detection Systems
Previous video game adaptations, such as Super Mario Bros., Double Dragon, and Street Fighter had received particularly negative reviews; although Street Fighter was a commercial success, Double Dragon failed to break even, while SMB. became a notorious box-office bomb.
As a result, it spent three weeks as the highest-grossing film at the US box office, and earned over $122 million worldwide, produced on a budget of $18 million.
The success of Mortal Kombat gave Anderson free rein to choose his next project, the science fiction action film Soldier, written by Blade Runner screenwriter David Peoples.
Soldier was eventually completed and released in 1998, but was a critical and commercial disaster, making less than $15 million in the US, on a budget of $60 million, and releasing straight-to-video in several other markets.
He also verbalized his disappointment with Warner Bros., whom he believes tried to market the film to the same male teen audience as Mortal Kombat, rather than to grown-up audiences, including women.After his last two films' poor performances, Anderson was forced to put his planned remake of the cult film Death Race 2000 on hold, and he set about writing and directing the 2000 supernatural mystery drama TV film The Sight, starring Andrew McCarthy.
It was meant as a pilot for a potential series, but despite achieving high ratings. it was not picked up.
To overcome these limitations, we present MBGen, a Many-Body enhanced diffusion framework for de novo molecular structure Generation from mass spectra.
Anderson", as filmmaker Paul Thomas Anderson had registered himself with the Writers Guild of America as "Paul Anderson", making it impossible for either of them to both write and direct films as "Paul Anderson".
Predator and Death Race
Anderson returned to cinema screens in 2002 with Resident Evil, a science fiction action horror film loosely based on the Capcom video game series of the same name.
Specifically, CADS operates with two cyclic phases, i.e., Collective Adversarial Data Generation (CAD-Generate) and Collective Adversarial Data Judgment (CAD-Judge).
In comparison to Anderson's previous two films, Resident Evil was produced on a moderate budget of $33 million and became a commercial success with a little over $100 million at the box office.
Its relative popularity made Capcom put homages to it in video games Resident Evil 4 and Resident Evil: The Umbrella Chronicles.
Both films received similarly negative reviews to the first, but were even bigger commercial successes.Anderson's next project was Alien vs.
It was a big commercial success, however, grossing somewhat over $170 million on a $60 million budget.
Predator: Requiem, in which Anderson was not involved, and which failed to match Anderson's film's commercial or even critical performance, a fact that Anderson has used to defend his film.After completing Alien vs.
Anderson wrote and produced two straight-to-video prequels, Death Race 2 (2011) and Death Race 3: Inferno (2013), set before the events of the 2008 film.
During the filming of Resident Evil: The Final Chapter (2016), crew member Ricardo Cornelius died when he was caught beneath a Humvee sliding off of a rotating platform.
Anderson envisioned the new trilogy as a way to make use of a new stylistic approach, using slow motion and 3D.
Anderson filmed in native 3D, using the Sony F35 camera, mounted on the Fusion Camera System, which was previously used in Avatar.
Despite negative reviews by critics, and a lukewarm B in a Cinemascore poll by audiences, the film grossed $300 million on a budget of $60 million, making over $150 million that the previously most successful film in the franchise, Resident Evil: Extinction.
Anderson's next film was the 2011 3D romantic action adventure film The Three Musketeers, from a screenplay by Andrew Davies and Alex Litvak based on the novel of the same name.
Matthew Macfadyen, Ray Stevenson, Luke Evans and Logan Lerman respectively star as the characters from the novel Athos, Porthos, Aramis, and d'Artagnan, while Milla Jovovich plays Milady de Winter.
Furthermore, Christoph Waltz stars as Cardinal Richelieu, Orlando Bloom plays the Duke of Buckingham and Mads Mikkelsen appears as Captain Rochefort.
Commercially it did not perform very well, grossing around $132–140 million on a reported budget that ranges between $75 and 90 million.Anderson wrote and directed the fifth installment in the Resident Evil film franchise, Resident Evil: Retribution, in 2012.
Produced with a budget of $65 million, it grossed $240 million on the box office which is $60 million lower than the previous film's gross, but still overall larger than the grosses of each films of the original trilogy.In 2014 his 3D historical disaster romance film named Pompeii was released.
Inspired by the eruption of Mount Vesuvius in 79 that destroyed Pompeii, a city of the Roman Empire, the film was written by Janet Scott Batchler, Lee Batchler and Michael Robert Johnson and stars Kit Harington, Emily Browning, Carrie-Anne Moss, Adewale Akinnuoye-Agbaje, Jessica Lucas, with Jared Harris, and Kiefer Sutherland.
Pompeii was a modest box office success on the box office, grossing $108–118 million on a reported budget between $80 and 100 million.In late 2016 in Japan, and early 2017 in the rest of the world, Anderson's Resident Evil: The Final Chapter was released, which according to both him and Jovovich is the last Resident Evil film they will be involved with.
He decided to abandon the previous two films' stylistic approach of using slow motion in favor of a more fast and gritty feeling, and he also decided to convert the film in 3D in post, instead of filming with 3D cameras.
The film grossed $312 million, on a budget of $40 million, in large part due to a record $94.3 million opening in China, making it Anderson's highest-grossing film.
In December 2020, Anderson directed Monster Hunter, based on Capcom's Monster Hunter video-game franchise.
It was released in December 2020 following delays relating to the COVID-19 pandemic, leading to a disappointing gross of $43 million against a $60 million budget.
Future projects
Brett's fantasy novel The Warded Man was optioned for film production by Anderson and longtime producing partner Jeremy Bolt, but a 2016 update of Brett's website stated that they were no longer involved in the project.
Anderson began dating Resident Evil star Milla Jovovich in 2002 after the film.
On 3 November 2007, Jovovich gave birth to their first child, daughter Ever Anderson, in Los Angeles, California.
Filmography
Film
Also cameo appearance in The Shot (short film, 2011).
Producer
The Dark (2005)
DOA: Dead or Alive (2006)
Resident Evil: Welcome to Raccoon City (2021)
Direct-to-video
Television
Commercial
Doom 3 "Warnings" (2005).
Reception
Critical reception to Anderson's films has been negative.
Gertrude of Bavaria (Danish and German: Gertrud; 1152/55–1197) was Duchess of Swabia as the spouse of Duke Frederick IV, and Queen of Denmark as the spouse of King Canute VI.
Marie-Louise Coidavid
Queen Marie Louise Coidavid (1778 – 11 March 1851) was the Queen of the Kingdom of Haiti 1811–20 as the spouse of Henri Christophe.
Marie-Louise was born into a free black family; her father was the owner of Hotel de la Couronne, Cap-Haïtien.
They had four children: François Ferdinand (born 1794), Françoise-Améthyste (d.
Queen
In 1811, Marie-Louise was given the title of queen upon the creation of the Kingdom of Haiti.
Adaptive Quality-Diversity Trade-offs for Large-Scale Batch Recommendation
She was visited by president Jean Pierre Boyer, who offered her his protection; he denied the spurs of gold she gave him, stating that he was the leader of poor people.
Exile
The Queen was in exile for 30 years.
A historical marker was installed in front of the church on April 23, 2023 to commemorate the Queen, her daughter and her sister.
See also
Marie-Claire Heureuse Félicité
Adélina Lévêque